feat(lib): move to std directory, versioned path, documentation (#2122)
catppuccin/userstyles: docs/src/content/docs/contributing/reference/libraries/standard/index.mdx

---
title: Overview
description: Reference to using the standard library.
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

import { Badge } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

| Versions                                                                          | Source Code                                      | Hosted Library |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | -------------- |
| [v1 <Badge text="Latest" variant="success" style={{ marginLeft: '0.5rem' }} />](/contributing/reference/libraries/standard/v/v1/)       | [`lib/std/v1.less`](https://github.com/catppuccin/userstyles/blob/main/lib/std/v1.less) | https://userstyles.catppuccin.com/lib/std/v1.less |

---

> The standard library is a collection of mixins to simplify and prevent redundant code in userstyles. In userstyles, the standard library is imported at the top of the file (alongside with other [library modules](/contributing/reference/libraries/modules/)):

Author: ```suggestion
The standard library is a collection of mixins to deduplicate and simplify code in userstyles. It is imported in every userstyle, alongside with other [library modules](/contributing/reference/libraries/modules/) if applicable.
```

```less
@import "https://userstyles.catppuccin.com/lib/std/v1.less";

> ```

Author: Should we include this here? It is also part of the template.

Reviewer: I think it is relevant to show that this is what importing it looks like, otherwise it may be a little nebulous until you see it in practice.

Author: What about this? Though it would have to be updated every library bump.

```suggestion

## Importing

```less
@import "https://userstyles.catppuccin.com/lib/std/v1.less";
```
```

Reviewer: I'm fine with updating it on every bump just so it is up to date and helpful. This looks good to me.
